Hook to bundle tasks during Android export for symbols upload (#1692)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- Added an `IgnoreCliErrors` to the Sentry-CLI options, allowing you to ignore errors during symbol and mapping upload ([#1687](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1687))

### Fixes

> - Fix symbol upload task hook for exported projects ([#1692](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1692))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When exporting Android projects, the SDK will now correctly add the symbol upload at the end of bundling ([#1692](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1692))
```
